Okay so in the last video we completely hedged him out on the C.
As for the head section and next if we take a look at the finished website we're going to start moving
down.
I'm going to start with the welcome section.
It's quite a simple section.
There's just a level two heading up the top.
There's also a divide image and then falling into different parts of the website.
So let's get started.
So head over to your index page and then copy the comment for the feature section.
Amlin style work working just below the close and had its arg.
Paste that in.
And second to be the welcome section.
So the welcome section is going to be in the section tags and the Section tigg is going to have an idea
of welcome so we can use that in the CSA.
The whole div needs to have a class of container so unlike the previous sections would just gone to
use a set which container would only stretch to wide and then within the container we add the usual
div with the class of row.
Now we'll set the number of boost up columns so we want the level to head in and also the divider image
to be half the width of the web page.
So we'll set the number of columns to be 6.
I will add an offset of free on the left on side.
So will surround the text on the image with a div with a class of coal.
S.
6.
And also for the offset.
Call S M offset.
Free.
And then the level 2 heading.
Which is welcome to tranquil spa.
Then just below the heading will add the image so the image source this image is also in our images
folder so images slash divider.
Purple dot.
P N G.
So if we look at the finished project you can see that the divider purple is on the by buckram collar
both fervid arm we've got a purple buckram collar.
We've also got a divider with the silver parts so we use the.
Divide a silver on these sections.
So after the file path can add the old text or divider.
And close that image off.
Then let's just copy the closed div comments.
So the first one is for the columns.
The next one is for the rows.
And the last one is for the container.
So let's see how Let's look back into the browser and refresh.
There was also the image and the text is centred when to do a little bit work with this.
Yes yes but that's okay for now.
And then next will create the four images.
The four links just below.
So back into the text editor to start just below the last clause and row but still would in the main
container.
Let's create a new row.
So a div class of row.
I will also add a custom class.
All facilities.
So can use in the CSA s.
So each of the individual links is gonna take a free columns so i can create 4 different divs with a
class of call S M free.
So the first one.
Div.
Class of call.
As N free.
So both the image and the text is going to be a link so will add the a page ref.
I want just leave the blank would in the link.
Let's add the image first the image source of images.
And the first image is make up.
PRNG.
With the old text which reads sidebar.
So that old text.
Is her.
Make up.
So then just after that image you can add the text for the link.
So hair an end to get the symbol we use the unpersoned Then a ampie semicolon.
And then make up.
Then add some comments to the clothes and Dev's.
So the outside one is for the role.
Then the inner one is for the freak Island.
So because we're going to be using this free column div four times let's copy this section.
And then paste in below three more times.
And save that and check it out in the browser.
And refresh.
Great artwork and we've got the four images all hyperlinks we can see the underline wants to hover over
and also the text is there.
So let's now change the images and the text.
So the first day of it is fine.
Let's move down to the second image and the second image has a name of candles.
Dot PRNG.
The alt text is spa facilities.
And also the text is spa facilities.
And in the third section has an image called Lake.
Dopping n.j. and the text is lakeside retreat.
And also the same for the old text.
And finally the last one the image name is pool doppie n.j..
The text is all our facilities.
I will copy copied off of the old text too.
OK.
So let's see the browser.
Refresh.
OK that's fine for now.
Next and then move on add some see says For this section.
Want to make sure that the level 2 heading is centralized.
When many times spacing in above and below the images.
We're also going to centralize the text and remove the underline way and hovered over.
L will also change the text colour.
So let's do that in the custom C S S.
When to start with the level to head in because we'll be using this many times over on the site.
When I put this in the global section at the top so just blow the image I can add the hate to there.
So we need to text the line centre.
The font size.
To be to MS and also to create a little bit space on the top and bottom.
Let's add a little bit margin.
So much in top 30 pixels.
And also some margin on the bottom to be 20 pixels.
So let's save that and check that out in the browser.
So get the text in the middle.
And also a little bit space a button below the wire wall so in the global section we can remove the
on the line from the hyperlinks when we hover over.
So just below the hate to let's select a.
We could remove the underline by send the text decoration to be non.
And it's also set the text call while we're here.
So when hovered over it needs to be 9 7 6 8 9 see.
So now when we hover over the exchange used to purple and underline has been removed.
Because we've set the hate to font size to be two Ms.
That's probably going to be a little bit too big when we get down to the mobile size.
So let's head down to the media query.
Below the feature text.
That's our debate too.
I would just reduce the font size.
To be one point six.
So now we've added the global styles we can start by adding a welcome section and add some of the whelk
specific styles.
So let's copy the comment.
For mobile stylin I will paste it just above the mobile style section.
Let's call this with the welcome section.
So the welcome section would give a idees of welcome.
Under welcome section has got a white buckram colour.
And let's us on into the bottom of the section.
So overing blow doesn't get too close.
So we'll set the poem bomb to 30 pixels.
I will also say all the text in this section to be in the centre.
Okay.
So in the global section we change the colour of the links when we hovered over them.
But now we need to set the colour to override the default blue.
So welcome and then a because air links and the caller is going to have the value of 494.
Six for six.
Which is the darker grey colour.
So next in this section with the images and the text will want to make the text a little bit bigger.
And also the individual images we've got to make them a little bit smaller and add some margin on the
top and bottom to space on a little bit more.
So surrounding this roll look back in the cage general the four individual divs were all surrounded
with a roll and we'll give that roll a custom class of facilities.
So let's use that now.
So let's increase the font size so font size.
That said that's a one point five Ms.
And also the facility's image.
So that said the display to be block.
To make them a little bit smaller.
We can set the maximum width to be 60 percent.
So it looks a little bit better.
And then to add the space in.
Well set the margin of 30 pixels on the top and bottom and set the left and right to be auto.
So there we go.
So that's us finished now with the welcome section.
That's the end of this video.
If you join me in the next video we'll continue with the website and we'll move down to growing the
latest offers section C there.